README.md, before:

# Cassette::Client

Library to generate and validate STs and TGTs

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'cassette'
```

And then execute:

```shell
$ bundle
```

## Usage

Require this library and create an intializer to set its configuration:

```ruby
Cassette.config = config
```

where config is an object that responds to the methods #base for the base CAS uri, #username and #password
if you are authenticating on other systems and #service and #base\_authority if you are using the authentication filter
to authenticate your app


You may also set the caching backend using the .backend= module method:

```ruby
Cassette::Cache.backend = ActiveSupport::Cache::MemcacheStorage.new
```

By default, Cassette::Cache will check if you have Rails.cache defined or instantiate a new ActiveSupport::Cache::MemoryStore


To authenticate your Rails app, add to your ApplicationController (or any authenticated controller):

```ruby
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  include Cassette::Authentication::Filter

  # ...
end
```

You should also rescue from Cassette::Errors::Forbidden with more friendly errors

If you wish to have actions that skip the authentication filter, add to your controller:

```ruby
class SomeController < ApplicationController
    skip_authentication # [*options]

    # skip_authentication only: "index"
end
```

Where options are the same options you can pass to Rails' __skip_before_filter__ method

## RubyCAS client helpers


If you are authenticating users with RubyCAS and want role checking, in your rubycas initializer:

```ruby
require "cas/rubycas"
```

And in your ApplicationController (or any authenticated controller):

```ruby
class SomeController < ApplicationController
    include Cassette::Rubycas::Helper

    # - Allow only employees:
    #
    # before_filter :employee_only_filter
    #
    # rescue_from Cassette::Errors::NotAnEmployee do
    #   redirect_to '/403.html'
    # end

    # - Allow only customers:
    #
    # before_filter :customer_only_filter
    #
    # rescue_from Cassette::Errors::NotACustomer do
    #   redirect_to '/403.html'
    # end
end
```

## Instantiating Cassette::Client and Cassette::Authentication

You can create your own instances of __Cassette::Client__ (st/tgt generator) and __Cassette::Authentication__ (st validator).

The constructor accepts a hash with keys (as symbols) for the values of cache, logger, http_client and configuration.

All values default to the same values used when accessing the class methods directly.

Please check the constructors or integration specs for details.

## About caching and tests

It is a good idea to always clear the cache between tests, specially if you're
using VCR. You can do it by using the invoking the `#clear` method of the cache
backend in use. The following excerpt will clear the cache of the default client
`Cassette::Client` instance:

```
Cassette::Client.cache.backend.clear
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Introduces a role checking Rails routing constraint

README.md, after:

# Cassette::Client

Library to generate and validate STs and TGTs

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'cassette'
```

And then execute:

```shell
$ bundle
```

## Usage

Require this library and create an intializer to set its configuration:

```ruby
Cassette.config = config
```

where config is an object that responds to the methods #base for the base CAS uri, #username and #password
if you are authenticating on other systems and #service and #base\_authority if you are using the authentication filter
to authenticate your app


You may also set the caching backend using the .backend= module method:

```ruby
Cassette::Cache.backend = ActiveSupport::Cache::MemcacheStorage.new
```

By default, Cassette::Cache will check if you have Rails.cache defined or instantiate a new ActiveSupport::Cache::MemoryStore


To authenticate your Rails app, add to your ApplicationController (or any authenticated controller):

```ruby
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  include Cassette::Authentication::Filter

  # ...
end
```

You should also rescue from Cassette::Errors::Forbidden with more friendly errors

If you wish to have actions that skip the authentication filter, add to your controller:

```ruby
class SomeController < ApplicationController
    skip_authentication # [*options]

    # skip_authentication only: "index"
end
```

Where options are the same options you can pass to Rails' __skip_before_filter__ method

## RubyCAS client helpers


If you are authenticating users with RubyCAS and want role checking, in your rubycas initializer:

```ruby
require "cas/rubycas"
```

And in your ApplicationController (or any authenticated controller):

```ruby
class SomeController < ApplicationController
    include Cassette::Rubycas::Helper

    # - Allow only employees:
    #
    # before_filter :employee_only_filter
    #
    # rescue_from Cassette::Errors::NotAnEmployee do
    #   redirect_to '/403.html'
    # end

    # - Allow only customers:
    #
    # before_filter :customer_only_filter
    #
    # rescue_from Cassette::Errors::NotACustomer do
    #   redirect_to '/403.html'
    # end
end
```

### Constraining routes for roles

This is useful if you want to mount an unauthenticated Rack app (like Resque)

Add to your `config/routes.rb`:

```ruby
  mount Resque::Server.new, at: '/resque', constraints: Cassette::Rubycas::RoutingConstraint.new(:admin)
```

This will make your /resque route require your `BASEAUTHORITY_ADMIN` role.

You can also use raw roles:

```ruby
  mount Resque::Server.new, at: '/resque', constraints: Cassette::Rubycas::RoutingConstraint.new('OTHERAPP_ROLE', raw: true)
```

And your /resque route will require the `OTHERAPP_ROLE` role.

## Instantiating Cassette::Client and Cassette::Authentication

You can create your own instances of __Cassette::Client__ (st/tgt generator) and __Cassette::Authentication__ (st validator).

The constructor accepts a hash with keys (as symbols) for the values of cache, logger, http_client and configuration.

All values default to the same values used when accessing the class methods directly.

Please check the constructors or integration specs for details.

## About caching and tests

It is a good idea to always clear the cache between tests, specially if you're
using VCR. You can do it by using the invoking the `#clear` method of the cache
backend in use. The following excerpt will clear the cache of the default client
`Cassette::Client` instance:

```
Cassette::Client.cache.backend.clear
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
